---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
description: FAQ
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_label: FAQ
---

# FAQ

### Onboarding

<details>
<summary>

**How do I add more users to the Antimetal Platform?**

</summary>

You can add more users to the Antimetal platform via the Members section, found under settings at the bottom left of the dashboard.  
Settings -> Members -> Enter User Email Address -> Select Permission -> Send Invite

:::info
Only Admins change budgets, approve savings, and acknowledge guardrail recommendations
:::

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**What do I need before my onboarding call?**

</summary>

Before your Antimetal onboarding call, we highly recommend you bring:

- [**Historical Cost Explorer data**](/onboarding/csv) (as far back as you want)
- Credit card or bank information (for monthly AWS invoices)
- Administrator access to the AWS account you want to onboard to the Antimetal organization

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**How do I download my historical cost explorer data from AWS?**

</summary>

For a step-by-step guide on how to download this information from AWS Cost Explorer, please follow [<u>**the guide here**</u>](/onboarding/csv.md).

</details>

<br></br>

### Savings

<details>
<summary>

**Where do we see how much Antimetal is actually saving us? Is that the Monthly Savings KPI on the top right? These numbers seem to be lower than expected.**

</summary>

Monthly savings are the unique savings generated by Antimetal (excludes any savings instruments you purchased or came in with when joining).

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**What's the difference between the savings that are automatically accounted for, and those that are pending approval? Why do they require approval?**

</summary>

We automatically approve savings plan recommendations (for Sagemaker and Compute since they are extremely flexible). We expose RI recommendations to you and filter the RI recs for ones that we feel are stable and good choices; however, you know your infrastructure better than us, so we require you to approve any recommendation before making those purchases.

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**How often are SPs(Savings Plans) and RIs (Reserved Instances) information pulled into the Antimetal Platform?**

</summary>

SP and RIs information are pulled daily into the platform.

</details>

<br></br>

### Billing

<details>
<summary>

**I am looking to understand the differences between what's on the invoice and what's in AWS billing.**

</summary>

The reason here and why Antimetal gives “risk-free savings”, is that you might get savings by consuming savings instruments in another person’s account.

For example, Company X used a savings plan in Company Y’s account to cover their EC2 spend (since Company X is not using the whole thing). However, AWS doesn’t show the associated savings plan cost on Company X’s account, since Company Y was the one to purchase the instrument, but Antimetal will still display these savings on Company X dashboard.

Let’s say Company X received $1416.10 in savings. Company X received those savings by using $711.41 of savings instruments in other companies' accounts (i.e Company Y). To be equitable, we pass on any savings instruments cost you consumed to you—it wouldn’t be fair to charge Company Y for savings plan usage used by Company X.

For more specific questions regarding differences between your companies’ invoices and AWS cost explorer, please contact support@antimetal.com.

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**Why do the Antimetal invoice dates not match what I see in my Stripe billing portal?**

</summary>
We send out the detailed invoice on the 6th of the month. On the 8th of the month, we send a Stripe invoice (which automatically charges the payment method on file) which will have an associated receipt.  Stripe shows the 6th-8th since that's when we send out invoices, but invoices will always be for a single month of services.

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**Why did I get two bills after joining Antimetal?**

</summary>
The first month is the only month you will be seeing two bills, one from AWS and one from Antimetal since you joined in the middle of the month. Moving forward, you will only see one bill on your account.
</details>

<br></br>

</details>
<summary>

**Why does Stripe show a higher charge than what was listed on my Antimetal Invoice?**

</summary>
If you are paying with credit card, there is a 2.9% fee that is added to the total of your invoice and hence the reason why you may be seeing this difference. This fee can be avoided by changing the payment method to an approved bank or direct wire transfer.  Please feel welcome to reach out to support@antimetal.com if you have further questions. 
</details>

<br></br>

</details>
<summary>

**How do I update my billing information?**

</summary>
You can update your billing information in Stripe directly from the Antimetal dashboard by selecting the "Billing" tab on the left side navigation panel and clicking the "Open Stripe Billing Portal" icon. If you encounter any issues with updating your information, please reach out to support@antimetal.com. 
</details>

<br></br>

### AWS

<details>
<summary>

**How do I create new cost allocation tags?**

</summary>

All tags that you apply to any resource become cost-allocation tags as soon as they are approved. After you create any new tags, Antimetal will approve these tags as cost allocation tags so you can view them in the cost explorer/CUR/etc.

</details>

<br></br>

<details>
<summary>

**What are the implications of leaving my AWS organization?**

</summary>

We do not create an “OrganizationAccountAccessRole” in your account when you join our organization, preventing us from getting admin access to any parts of your account. Any administrative changes would need to be explicitly accepted by you via a “handshake”. Read the [<u>**AWS documentation here**</u>](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_invites.html#:~:text=However%2C%20unlike%20created%20accounts%2C%20the%20OrganizationAccountAccessRole%20IAM%20role%20is%20not%20automatically%20created%20in%20the%20member%20account%20with%20permissions%20for%20the%20management%20account%20to%20assume.).

</details>
