---
id: faq
title: FAQ
sidebar_label: FAQ
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What's the difference between the savings that are automatically accounted for and those that are pending approval?

We automatically approve savings plans recommendations (for Sagemaker and Compute) as they are extremely flexible. We expose RI recommendations to you, filtering them for ones that we feel are stable and good choices. However, you know your infrastructure better than us, so we require you to approve before making those purchases.

## Can we know the utilization/coverage of SPs in the new Account arrangement with Antimetal?

We pull SP (savings plan) info every day at 3 am every morning.

## Where do we see how much Antimetal is actually saving us? Is that the Monthly Savings KPI on the top right? These numbers seem to be lower than expected.

Monthly savings are the unique savings generated by Antimetal (excludes any savings instruments you purchased or came in with when joining).

## I am looking to understand the differences between what's on the invoice and what's in AWS billing.

The reason for this is that you might get savings by consuming savings instruments in another person’s account.

For example, Company X used a savings plan in Company Y’s account to cover their EC2 spend (since Company X is not using the whole thing). However, AWS doesn’t show the associated savings plan cost on Company X’s account, since Company Y was the one to purchase the instrument, but Antimetal will still display these savings on Company X dashboard.

Let’s say Company X received $1416.10 in savings. Company X received those savings by using $711.41 of savings instruments in other companies' accounts (i.e. Company Y). To be equitable, we pass on any savings instruments cost you consumed to you—it wouldn’t be fair to charge Company Y for savings plan usage used by Company X.

For more specific questions regarding differences between your companies’ invoice and AWS cost explorer, please contact [support@antimetal.com](mailto:support@antimetal.com).

## Why am I getting permission denied when trying to enable the resource cost group in the cost explorer?

Enable the following setting from AWS in the company account requested. Please note that this change will be enabled within 48 hours.

## I am concerned about savings plans and reservations, as we recently purchased a reserved instance of RedShift for the next 3 years and need to ensure that this will operate as expected regardless of the org change. I noticed a significant cost of $697, compared to our usual monthly costs of around $151 after switching to the Antimetal platform, and wanted to clarify this amount.

RIs are generally charged on the first of the month and when you change organizations, the prorated cost for the remainder of the month is charged on the day you join the Antimetal Organization. In essence, you are not paying extra since some portion of the cost from the 1st of the month now shows up on the 22nd. For example, if you had $1000 in RI costs/month, and joined Antimetal on the 15th, you would see a charge on the 1st for $500 and a charge on the 15th for $500 which equals the same, but the cost gets “divided” when you switch organizations.

Your RIs will continue to apply to your RedShift usage as before without any disruption.

For more specific billing questions regarding Antimetal invoicing/billing please contact [support@antimetal.com](mailto:support@antimetal.com).

## What's the difference between the savings that are automatically accounted for, and those that are pending approval? Why do they require approval?

**Answer:** We automatically approve savings plan recommendations (for Sagemaker and Compute since they are extremely flexible). We expose RI recommendations to you and filter the RI recs for ones that we feel are stable and good choices; however, you know your infrastructure better than us, so we require you to approve any recommendation before making those purchases.

## How often are SPs(Savings Plans) and RIs (Reserved Instances) information pulled into the Antimetal Platform?

SP and RIs information are pulled daily into the platform. 
